Add grid layout. (#881)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/collectionview/overview.md

* [Item Appearance]({%slug collectionview-data-binding%}#define-item-appearance)&mdash;CollectionView allows you to adjust the appearance of its items. You can also apply different appearances to each item based on a specific condition.

> * Different layouts and orientation&mdash;You can choose between the [linear]({%slug collectionview-linear-layout%}) and [grid]({%slug collectionview-grid-layout%}) layouts. In addition, the CollectionView supports vertical and horizontal orientation for the exposed layouts. The orientation of the control allows you to scroll the items vertically or horizontally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Various layouts and orientations&mdash;You can choose between the [linear]({%slug collectionview-linear-layout%}) and [grid]({%slug collectionview-grid-layout%}) layouts. In addition, the CollectionView supports vertical and horizontal orientation for the exposed layouts. The orientation of the control allows you to scroll the items vertically or horizontally.
```
